this morning at the monumental stadium the
social club and sports colo colo
delivered two very important news the
first the rebirth of the branches
sports and the announcement of the return of
club basketball team good
first we are opening to different
fronts there is a front that faces
go recovering all those
activities that I would not say are they should not
have been delivered that not only
great concession and that today or else the
he does black and white or they are not made and
which are activities that correspond
to the corporation
within that activity is football
junior of young soccer and are the branches
sports and we what are we going
start doing is start reactivating
the different branches in which at
placed early and has let participate
We particularly look forward to this year if it is
a news participate in the championship
national basketball as a teacher
sports and we are giving the
negotiations with the federation to be able
have a team that is missing from this
championship in April and complicates during
all year round and that obviously the goal
as in everything we do sport
is to leave champions
it has to do with the colo symbol
colo carlos humberto caszely who
seek to represent the shareholders
majority in the directory of white
and black first of all clarify that
it's not about capturing actions
strategic to capture glasses powers
which are basically the facilitates
minority of money buy the
amount needed to be able us
operate a third director is the money
would go to the corporation for rights of
two directories 9 and we want to go
moving forward in increasing our weight in the
directory and we have it but Carlos and
can lead this management with the
minorities in addition in case this does not
flourish the van confirmed what to do and
will be yes or yes in the directory of the
public limited company
obviously if it does not work with the
Carlos minority because the objective
original
caselli in both this to answer and
calls on shareholders
majority to sign these letters
strong long enough time that
they talked about arrived for letters to
dialogue the same as we have done with
Alejandro takes care of his whole life and after
back from vacation today days I
I am integrating internalizing what
who can spend the day tomorrow thinking
that we all want to recover
the crucial and sporty colo colo for
to do again all the
colocolinos this first meeting will have
as a basis to internalize what the
have ordered where from here to
November when there are elections
we want there to be
the number of voters the most is wrong
important to be able to deliver the
colo values of the life of the
plain that we will present
recover not in a short time in the
medium term is necessary but also
He made a call to all
colocolinos to join and join for
support this initiative we intend that
the social and sports club colo colo
come back with all your bouquets come back with
all your people that everyone can
start having to be part of this
process that we try to initiate
and we have the possibility that
all the colocolinos can deliver us
that power to be able to present it
finally and when consulted in case
touches live complicated moments like
of barticciotto almost tells him to be
prepared I'm prepared I do not think that
that is the time for the same partner
come to believe an idol start with
with the match but I have security
that the colocolino is really going to
support me because he told me in a
place is dear and that's the best
force that I have the best strength that
they give me to be able to undertake this
position a bit conflictive
difficult and a little bit of controversy
but that gives us courage and strength very
good and